README.md, before:

# Coding Challenges Collection

This project is an effort to document my solutions to Coding Challenges in different platforms.

## Contents
    
### [Platform 01: AlgoDaily](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| --------- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Reverse a String](https://algodaily.com/challenges/reverse-a-string)|[Solution 01 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-01.py)|Easy|
|||[Solution 02 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-02.py)|Easy|
|||[Solution 03 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-03.py)|Easy|


### [Platform 02: Log2Base2](/Platform-02-Log2Base2)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Time Complexity | Space Complexity | Difficulty |
|---| --------- | -------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- |
|41|[Find the odd occurring number using Bitwise](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/find-the-odd-occuring-number-bitwise-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0041-find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise/find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0041-find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise/find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|7|[Split numbers into digits](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/split-numbers-into-digits-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0007-split-numbers-into-digits/split-numbers-into-digits-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0007-split-numbers-into-digits/split-numbers-into-digits-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|6|[Factor of a number](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/factor-of-a-number-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0006-factor-of-a-number/factor-of-a-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0006-factor-of-a-number/factor-of-a-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|5|[Sum of Natural numbers](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/sum-of-natural-numbers-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 03 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-03.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 04 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-04.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|4|[Swap two numbers](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/swap-two-numbers-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 03 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-03.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 04 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-04.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|3|[Find whether number is Odd or Even](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/odd-or-even-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0003-odd-or-even-number/odd-or-even-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0003-odd-or-even-number/odd-or-even-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|2|[Find Absolute value of a number](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/absolute-value-of-a-number-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0002-find-absolute-value-of-number/find-absolute-value-of-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0002-find-absolute-value-of-number/find-absolute-value-of-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|1|[Find whether number is Positive or Negative](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/positive-or-negative-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0001-find-positive-or-negative-number/find-positive-or-negative-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0001-find-positive-or-negative-number/find-positive-or-negative-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|


### [Platform 03: LeetCode](/Platform-03-LeetCode)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Time Complexity | Space Complexity | Difficulty |
|---| --------- | -------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- |
|1|[Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[Solution 01 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0001-contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate-solution-01.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy|
|||[Solution 02 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0001-contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate-solution-02.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy|

Commit message:

Added LeetCode Valid Anagram Challenge

README.md, after:

# Coding Challenges Collection

This project is an effort to document my solutions to Coding Challenges in different platforms.

## Contents
    
### [Platform 01: AlgoDaily](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| --------- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Reverse a String](https://algodaily.com/challenges/reverse-a-string)|[Solution 01 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-01.py)|Easy|
|||[Solution 02 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-02.py)|Easy|
|||[Solution 03 - Python](/Platform-01-AlgoDaily/0001-reverse-a-string/reverse-a-string-solution-03.py)|Easy|


### [Platform 02: Log2Base2](/Platform-02-Log2Base2)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Time Complexity | Space Complexity | Difficulty |
|---| --------- | -------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- |
|41|[Find the odd occurring number using Bitwise](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/find-the-odd-occuring-number-bitwise-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0041-find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise/find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0041-find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise/find-the-odd-occurring-number-bitwise-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|7|[Split numbers into digits](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/split-numbers-into-digits-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0007-split-numbers-into-digits/split-numbers-into-digits-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0007-split-numbers-into-digits/split-numbers-into-digits-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|6|[Factor of a number](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/factor-of-a-number-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0006-factor-of-a-number/factor-of-a-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0006-factor-of-a-number/factor-of-a-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|5|[Sum of Natural numbers](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/sum-of-natural-numbers-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-01.c)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-02.cpp)|O(N)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 03 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-03.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 04 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0005-sum-of-natural-numbers/sum-of-natural-numbers-solution-04.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|4|[Swap two numbers](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/swap-two-numbers-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 03 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-03.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 04 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0004-swap-two-numbers/swap-two-numbers-solution-04.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|3|[Find whether number is Odd or Even](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/odd-or-even-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0003-odd-or-even-number/odd-or-even-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0003-odd-or-even-number/odd-or-even-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|2|[Find Absolute value of a number](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/absolute-value-of-a-number-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0002-find-absolute-value-of-number/find-absolute-value-of-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0002-find-absolute-value-of-number/find-absolute-value-of-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|1|[Find whether number is Positive or Negative](https://log2base2.com/courses/problem-solving-beginners/positive-or-negative-problem)|[Solution 01 - C](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0001-find-positive-or-negative-number/find-positive-or-negative-number-solution-01.c)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|
|||[Solution 02 - C++](/Platform-02-Log2Base2/0001-find-positive-or-negative-number/find-positive-or-negative-number-solution-02.cpp)|O(1)|O(1)|Easiest|


### [Platform 03: LeetCode](/Platform-03-LeetCode)
| # | Challenge | Solution | Time Complexity | Space Complexity | Difficulty | Notes |
|---| --------- | -------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------- | ----- |
|1|[Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[Solution 01 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0001-contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate-solution-01.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy||
|||[Solution 02 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0001-contains-duplicate/contains-duplicate-solution-02.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy|Uses Python's builtin functions, Not recommended in an interview|
|2|[Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[Solution 01 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0002-valid-anagram/valid-anagram-solution-01.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy||
|||[Solution 02 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0002-valid-anagram/valid-anagram-solution-02.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy||
|||[Solution 03 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0002-valid-anagram/valid-anagram-solution-03.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy|Uses Python's builtin functions, Not recommended in an interview|
|||[Solution 04 - Python](/Platform-03-LeetCode/0002-valid-anagram/valid-anagram-solution-04.py)|O(N)|O(N)|Easy|Uses Python's builtin functions, Not recommended in an interview|
